Who's your sister?
You speak with respect
Don't be so nervous
I know your secret.
What are you talking about?
I don't understand.
My sister Tian Weiwei
She has a crescent birthmark on her hand
He is the biological daughter of the Gu family
Beibei
No matter how difficult
Mom will definitely save you
How do you know?
How do I know? You don't have to know
You said that if the Gu family knew
Are your good days coming to an end?
What do you want?
Hey, don't you be so serious?
Recently, my brother really has a little confidence on hand.
If you could give me a little pocket money
I might be able to help you keep this secret
How much do you want?
50,000 500,000
OK
I'll give you 1 million
Then you go and do something for me
So what's up?
Do you have to think about this?
Certainly.
I want Tian Weiwei
Disgraced